Simply put, cloud computing is the delivery of computing services—including servers, storage, databases, networking - over the Internet (“the cloud”)
to offer faster innovation and  flexible resources.

Cost :
	Cloud computing eliminates the capital expense of buying hardware and software and setting up and running on-site datacenters—the
	racks of servers, the round-the-clock electricity for power and cooling, the IT experts for managing the infrastructure. It adds up fast.
Global scale :
	The benefits of cloud computing services include the ability to scale elastically. In cloud speak, that means delivering the right amount of IT
	resources—for example, more or less computing power, storage, bandwidth—right when it is needed and from the right geographic location.
Performance :
	The biggest cloud computing services run on a worldwide network of secure datacenters, which are regularly upgraded to the latest generation of fast
	and efficient computing hardware. This offers several benefits over a single corporate datacenter, including reduced network latency for applications
	and greater economies of scale.
Security :
	Many cloud providers offer a broad set of policies, along with the security and helps to protect your data in a secured environment and from potential threats.
Productivity :
	On-site datacenters typically require a lot of "racking and stacking" — hardware setup, software patching, and other time-consuming tasks.
	Cloud computing removes the need for many of these tasks, so IT teams can spend time on achieving more important business goals.
Reliability :
	Cloud computing makes data backup, disaster recovery and make business to continue in a easier way and less expensive because data can be mirrored
	at multiple redundant sites on the cloud provider’s network.
Speed :
	Most cloud computing services are provided self service and on demand, so even vast amounts of computing resources can be provisioned in minutes,
	typically with just a few mouse clicks, giving businesses a lot of flexibility and taking the pressure off capacity planning.