A firewall is a network security device, either hardware or 
software-based, which monitors all incoming and outgoing 
traffic and based on a defined set of security rules it 
accepts, rejects or drops that specific traffic.

Accept : allow the traffic
Reject : block the traffic but reply with an “unreachable error”
Drop : block the traffic with no reply

A firewall establishes a barrier between secured internal 
networks and outside untrusted network, such as the Internet.

Characteristics :
-> All traffic from inside to outside, and vice versa, 
must pass through the firewall. This is achieved by 
physically blocking all access to the local network 
except via the firewall.
-> Various configurations are possible.  
-> Various types of firewalls are used, which implement 
various types of security policies.  
-> Blockage against unauthorized access
-> Wireless network (Wi-fi) Protection

Limitations :
-> The firewall does not protect against internal threats, 
such as a disgruntled employee or an employee who 
unwittingly cooperates with an external attacker.
-> cannot protect against transfer of all virus 
infected programs or files
-> cannot protect from attacks bypassing it

Firewalls are generally of two types: Host-based 
and Network-based.

Host- based Firewalls : Host-based firewall is installed on 
each network node which controls each incoming and 
outgoing packet. It is a software application or suite 
of applications, comes as a part of the operating system. 
Host-based firewalls are needed because network firewalls 
cannot provide protection inside a trusted network. 
Host firewall protects each host from attacks and 
unauthorized access.
Network-based Firewalls : Network firewall function on 
network level. In other words, these firewalls filter 
all incoming and outgoing traffic across the network. 
It protects the internal network by filtering the 
traffic using rules defined on the firewall. 
A Network firewall might have two or more network 
interface cards (NICs). A network-based firewall 
is usually a dedicated system with proprietary 
software installed.

A bastion host is a server whose purpose is to provide 
access to a private network from an external network,
such as the Internet.
