Youtube
-> Founded in February 2005
-> YouTube has become so popular that it now provides a set of development application programming interfaces (APis) to enable developers to integrate You Tube functionality into their web sites.
Youtube API
-> The YouTube APIs and tools enable site developers to integrate YouTube's Video content and functionality into their web site, software applications, or devices.
->  First, developers need to decide which APIs and tools meet their needs. 

	HTML but not JS -> look Widgets and custom player
	JS &/ flash player -> examine player APIS
	Programming at device or development server-side logic
	look at Data API


Widgets
Videobar, Video search control who are not familiar with JS

The Video Bar - Using Google AJAX Search API
The Video Bar is a simple way to integrate a strip of video thumbnails into
your site. Just clicking on ,a thumbnail opens a floating player for playing
video locally. For integration teams, YouTube provides a simple wizard to
help jumpstart the process. A Programming Guide4 is also available to help
developers get the most out of the functionality provided and leverage even
more from the Video Bar.

Video search control - Using Google AJAX Search API

Youtube Player API :
	we can control using JS or actionscript
embedded player :
	after embedding you can use actionScript instead of JS
chromeless player :
	without controls

The YouTube Custom Player 
-> The custom player goes even further than just using scripted API calls to
paste videos into your site. Developers can easily configure the custom
player to show playlists, favorites, or custom, locally available videos.

Youtube Data API
-> The YouTube Data API lets you incorporate Youtube functionality into your own application or website. You can perform searches,upload videos



Zimbra:
	Features:
		Chat
		Messaging and collaboration : emails
		Advanced integrated web experience : create calendar, task, etc
		simplified administration
		search 
-> $350M
-> zimbra email and calender server is available for linux, mac os 
   and virtualization platforms.
-> Zimbra can synchronize with smartphones (such as iPhone and 
   Blackerry) and desktop clients (such as Outlook and Thunderbird )
-> Yahoo! Zimbra open source email and calendar client which runs
   on any windows, Apple or Linux desktop computer. It works online
   and offiine, and it works with any POP or IMAP
   account, such as Yahoo! Mail, Zimbra Mail, Hotmail,
   Gmail , AOL, Microsoft Outlook, or any other work or 
   personal email that uses POP or IMAP. 
-> Zimbra provides software for email and collaboration
   including email, group calendar, contacts, instant messaging, 
   file storage and web document management. 
-> Zimbra can be deployed on-premises or as a hosted email 
   solution and imposes no limit on the size of email storage. 
-> Advanced web technology adds Conversation Views and Message 
   Tags to automatically highlight important emails in all your 
   email accounts. 
-> The visual Search Build makes it easy to quickly find 
   important pictures, documents, or messages from people 
   you care about.
-> also provides archieving feature
   Ajax-based web collaboration
   email contacts, shared calendar, VoIP, online document
   authoring into a browser-based interface

Facebook :
Facebook is the fourth most-trafficked website in us

Zoho :
-> It is a comprehensive suites of ol business, productivity
   and collaboration applications designed to work together.
-> It is automatically updated.
-> If you want to use another application which is not present
   in zoho then we can integrate it.
-> Zoho is a cloud software vendor that ships SaaS products 
   from its development centres.
-> Zoho Mail provides ample storage space. You can store 
   and search through every email you have ever sent or 
   received, and it offers offline support so you can take 
   your mail with you. 
-> Zoho Mail offers advanced, self-learning algorithms 
   that keep unwanted spam out of your inbox and deliver
   only legitimate emails

DimDim collaboration
-> Dimdim invested more than 15 person-years of engineering
   development into making a product to support complex web 
   meetings. This free service lets anyone communicate using 
   rich media-in real time.
   Unlike competiting web conference products, DimDim does 
   not require users to install software on their computers 
   in order to attend a meeting. Users can start or join 
   meetings using only a few mouse clicks.
-> Dimdim is available as open source software, and it 
   already integrates with CRM and LMS s/w so it can be
   extended easily
-> Dimdim open source community edition code named "Liberty"
   which consists of all features
   streaming and media components
-> can host meetings upto 20 people